Misc parsing warnings. (#131)
jupyterlite/jupyterlite-sphinx: docs/directives/try_examples.md

    >>> x + y
    4

    We've also added the ``blue-bottom`` class, the button should appear as blue,
    below the examples, and on the left side of the screen.

>     See ``try_examples.css`` in the Repository to see how we achieved this via
>     custom css.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    See `try_examples.css <https://github.com/jupyterlite/jupyterlite-sphinx/blob/main/docs/_static/try_examples.css>`_ to see how we achieved this via custom css.
```

I think it would be helpful to make this a link to the file.
